# Search Enhancer
###Targeted at providing a fast, efficient and effective searching experience to users.

In an era of fast paced world, we want machines to understand us better than we understand ourselves. We want to spend minimum time spent transferring information to machines before they can take over. We want human and machine interaction to be as meaningful and effective as possible. In a nutshell, we want machines to understand us better than we understand ourselves. Maybe that is why Artificial Intelligence is of utter importance in this world.

This application is an unified Search API and can be used in any Brick-and-mortar store, any E-commerce platform, any Catalog Based Websites and Company Internal Portals.It is based on the Linguistic and Natural Language Processing model.  Java is the programming language used and is built on J2EE architecture. A web server (such as Apache Tomcat 8.0 or above) is needed to execute this application. A simple table with the list of products/items will serve as an initial corpus or training set. From there on it captures user's request and response and displays products/items according to popularity. This API has been stress tested to a maximum of 4 million records with 16 to 40 characters each.

There are two URLs that can be consumed and both of them returns JSON array data. So, it can easily be consumed by Web Portals, Android application, IOS application and Windows Phone application without breaking a sweat. Few assumptions were made during building this application. This Search Enhancer will grow more effective with time as machine learning is in place. Most importantly a stochaistic model is followed based on average typing speed of a human being and Noisy Channel Model for Spelling Errors. It has been benchmark tested against Angular.js, and this API has come out on top.

For more details on installation guidelines and which URLs to consume when, please refer to the Wiki. Please feel free to comment about any issues or improvements that can be made on this API.
